{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b \u8220"Valedictorian Vodka Splash\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ingredients}: Vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, and a splash of soda water.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Twist}: Garnish with a skewer of fresh berries and a mint leaf to add a refreshing touch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Description}: Celebrate your top marks with this vibrant and refreshing mix that\u8217's perfect for toasting to your success!\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b \u8220"Tequila Cap & Gown\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ingredients}: Tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur, and a hint of jalape\u241 ?o for a spicy kick.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Twist}: Rim the glass with chili powder and salt, and garnish with a lime wheel and a small jalape\u241 ?o slice.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Description}: This spicy margarita will have you dancing in your cap and gown, ready to take on the world!\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b \u8220"Rum Grad Punch\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ingredients}: White rum, coconut cream, pineapple juice, and a splash of grenadine.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Twist}: Serve in a hollowed-out pineapple or a coconut shell with a tropical umbrella and a cherry on top.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Description}: Tropical vibes to celebrate the start of your new adventure. Sip and dream of sunny beaches and endless possibilities.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab {\b \u8220"Graduate\u8217's Chip Cocktail\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ingredients}: Vodka, blue cura\u231 ?ao, lemonade, and a handful of crushed ice chips.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Twist}: Add a dash of edible glitter and serve with a twizzler straw for a fun and festive look.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Description}: A sparkling and fun drink that\u8217's as cool and refreshing as your new graduate status!\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab {\b \u8220"Haitian Limeade Triumph\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Ingredients}: Fresh lime juice, sugar, water, a pinch of salt, and a hint of fresh ginger.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Twist}: Add a splash of sparkling water and garnish with a lime wedge and a sprig of mint.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\b Description}: A zesty and refreshing limeade with a hint of ginger, perfect for toasting to your bright future ahead.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Sure, here\u8217's a grocery list for all the ingredients you\u8217'll need to make the beverages:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Grocery List\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 General Ingredients\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Vodka\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tequila\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab White rum\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Blue cura\u231 ?ao\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cranberry juice\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pineapple juice\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Orange liqueur\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Coconut cream\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Grenadine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lemonade (for chip cocktail)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh lime juice (or fresh limes for juicing)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh ginger\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sugar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Salt\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Chili powder\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Soda water\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sparkling water\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Edible glitter\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh mint leaves\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh berries (strawberries, blueberries, etc.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lime wedges\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cherries\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Jalape\u241 ?os\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel3 \b \fs24 Additional Items for Garnish and Presentation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Skewers (for berry garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hollowed-out pineapples or coconut shells (for serving Rum Grad Punch)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tropical umbrellas (for decoration)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Twizzler straws\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Glasses with a rimming option (for Tequila Cap & Gown)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ice chips or crushed ice\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh lime wedges and lime wheels\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Quantities (Approximate, adjust based on the number of servings you plan to make)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Vodka: 1 bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tequila: 1 bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab White rum: 1 bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Blue cura\u231 ?ao: 1 bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cranberry juice: 1-2 quarts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pineapple juice: 1-2 quarts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Orange liqueur: 1 small bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Coconut cream: 1-2 cans\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Grenadine: 1 small bottle\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lemonade: 1-2 quarts\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh lime juice or limes: 6-8 limes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh ginger: 1 small piece\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sugar: 1 small bag\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Salt: 1 small container\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Chili powder: 1 small container\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Soda water: 1-2 bottles\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sparkling water: 1-2 bottles\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Edible glitter: 1 small container\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh mint leaves: 1 bunch\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fresh berries: 1 pint (mixed)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lime wedges: 6-8 limes (additional for garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cherries: 1 small jar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Jalape\u241 ?os: 1-2\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 With these items, you\u8217'll be all set to make your graduation-themed beverages!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Here are the recipe cards for each beverage:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Valedictorian Vodka Splash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Ingredients:} - 1.5 oz Vodka - 2 oz Cranberry juice - 2 oz Pineapple juice - Splash of soda water - Fresh berries (for garnish) - Mint leaf (for garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Instructions:} 1. Fill a shaker with ice. 2. Add vodka, cranberry juice, and pineapple juice to the shaker. 3. Shake well and strain into a glass filled with ice. 4. Top with a splash of soda water. 5. Garnish with a skewer of fresh berries and a mint leaf. 6. Serve and enjoy!\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Tequila Cap & Gown\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Ingredients:} - 1.5 oz Tequila - 1 oz Lime juice - 0.5 oz Orange liqueur - 1 slice Jalape\u241 ?o (optional for spice) - Chili powder and salt (for rim) - Lime wheel (for garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Instructions:} 1. Rim the glass with chili powder and salt. 2. Fill a shaker with ice. 3. Add tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur, and jalape\u241 ?o slice to the shaker. 4. Shake well and strain into the rimmed glass filled with ice. 5. Garnish with a lime wheel and a small jalape\u241 ?o slice. 6. Serve and enjoy!\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Rum Grad Punch\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Ingredients:} - 1.5 oz White rum - 1 oz Coconut cream - 2 oz Pineapple juice - Splash of grenadine - Tropical umbrella (for garnish) - Cherry (for garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Instructions:} 1. Fill a shaker with ice. 2. Add white rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice to the shaker. 3. Shake well and strain into a hollowed-out pineapple or a coconut shell filled with ice. 4. Add a splash of grenadine. 5. Garnish with a tropical umbrella and a cherry. 6. Serve and enjoy!\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Graduate\u8217's Chip Cocktail\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Ingredients:} - 1.5 oz Vodka - 1 oz Blue cura\u231 ?ao - 2 oz Lemonade - Handful of crushed ice chips - Edible glitter (for garnish) - Twizzler straw (for fun)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Instructions:} 1. Fill a glass with crushed ice chips. 2. Add vodka, blue cura\u231 ?ao, and lemonade to the glass. 3. Stir gently to combine. 4. Add a dash of edible glitter and stir again. 5. Garnish with a Twizzler straw. 6. Serve and enjoy!\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Haitian Limeade Triumph\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Ingredients:} - 4 Fresh limes (juiced) - 4 tbsp Sugar - 1 pinch Salt - 1 small piece Fresh ginger (grated) - 4 cups Water - Splash of sparkling water - Lime wedge (for garnish) - Mint sprig (for garnish)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Instructions:} 1. In a pitcher, combine lime juice, sugar, salt, and grated ginger. 2. Add water and stir until sugar is dissolved. 3. Fill glasses with ice and pour the limeade mixture over the ice. 4. Add a splash of sparkling water to each glass. 5. Garnish with a lime wedge and a sprig of mint. 6. Serve and enjoy!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 These recipe cards should help you create and serve your graduation-themed beverages with ease. Enjoy your party!\par}
